Hi. My name is Michelle Mccaughan-Wilcox,
and I'm the secretary at River Valley
Middle School.
And I've been working for the district
for 33 years.
I am talking about student relationships
and how important it is to them and me.
I talk to them like they're my own kids.
I listen and offer opinions.
I share my own experiences
and stories, whether they're good or bad.
I have kids that visit me every day
a couple times a day,
and they all tell me they love me.
And my reply to them is, I love you more.
So yeah, I think it's important.
I'm a safe place
and I stoop to their level and I'm just.
I'm just me. The secret is on me.
And you know,
I dish it right back to them.
Someone asks, how many kids do you have?
I say 304.
Even in front of the parents.
I'll look at the parents
and I'll say, I talk to them like my kids.
And they said, that's awesome.
I'm like, I'm not a secretary to them.
I find kids in middle school, they
they get to know
we're normal too,
or they're just as normal as us.
And we have crap too.
And I think it's important that they hear
that, that, you know,
we don't live here at the school.
When we do go home and, you know,
what happens behind closed doors
is everybody's life, not just theirs.
So I think that helps them to that
crappy things and happy things happen.
It goes both ways.
So just be yourself.
Be honest.
Dish it
whether they want to hear it or not.
Sometimes they need to hear it,
and maybe they're not hearing
it where they should be.